Fixes 4244: Make apoc.dv.* procedures work in clusters (#32)
gmarcostam/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/pages/virtual-resource/index.adoc

accessing that information on-demand at query time and combining it seamlessly with the network topology data in your graph.
====

> include::partial$systemdbonly.note.adoc[]

Reviewer: mettilo alla riga 4

Reviewer: Da qui puoi toglierlo, lascia solo quello alla riga 5

== Managing a Virtualized Resource via JDBC

=== Creating a Virtualized Resource (JDBC)

> Before we can query a Virtualized Resource, we need to define it. We do this using the `apoc.dv.catalog.install` procedure.

Reviewer: Aggiungi pure questo all'inizio della pagina:
```
include::partial$systemdbonly.note.adoc[]
```

== Managing a Virtualized Resource via JDBC

=== Creating a Virtualized Resource (JDBC)
Before we can query a Virtualized Resource, we need to define it. We do this using the `apoc.dv.catalog.install` procedure.

> The procedure takes two parameters:
> 
> * a name that uniquely identifies the virtualized resource and can be used to query that resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedure takes three parameters:

* a name that uniquely identifies the virtualized resource and can be used to query that resource
* the database name where we want to use the resource (default is `'neo4j'`)
```

E definire il parametro databaseName anche sul drop, da qualche parte in questo file credo

> 

Reviewer: Cambiare 

"It takes no parameters."

con: 

It accepts one parameter: i.e. the database name where we want to use the resource (default is `'neo4j'`)
